Contribution logoupdate (#9476)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/contributing.md

Follow the [README](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/site2) for making contributions to the website.

#### Updating user logo

> The Apache Pulsar Community welcomes all users to update their company logos on Pulsar website. If your team or organization has adopted Pulsar in production, please update your company logos on [Pulsar website](https://pulsar.apache.org/en/powered-by/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Pulsar Community welcomes all users to update their company logos on Pulsar website. If your team or organization has adopted Pulsar in production, you can update your company logos on [Pulsar website](https://pulsar.apache.org/en/powered-by/).
```

> It only takes 4 steps to update your company logo:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update your company logo, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Open [link](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/site2/website/data/users.js) in your browser, click “edit” to fork Pulsar repo, create a new branch and edit this file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open this [link](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/site2/website/data/users.js) in your browser, and then click the **Edit** icon (it looks like a pencil) to edit this file.
```

> 1. Open [link]: (https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/site2/website/data/users.js) in your browser, click “edit” to fork Pulsar repo, create a new branch and edit this file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open [link](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/site2/website/data/users.js) in your browser, click “edit” to fork Pulsar repo, create a new branch and edit this file.
```

2. Add your company’s information at the end of file. 

Example:
`
    {
        name: 'StreamNative',
        url: 'https://streamnative.io/',

>         logo: 'https://streamnative.io/static/images/streamnative-logo-white-bakground.png',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        logo: 'https://streamnative.io/static/images/streamnative-logo-white-bakground.png',
        logo_white: true
```

    }
`

> If your company logo is in white color, add another line after the logo link in JSON file:

Reviewer 2: > **Note**  
The `logo_white` parameter is set to `true` only when your company logo uses a white background.

`logo_white: true`

> 3. Commit the changes in your account’s repo, publish the branch and create pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Commit your updates, create a PR, and then publish the PR to the master repository.
```

> 4. Wait for review. If the PR works, your pull request will be approved and merged by reviewers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update comments, if any. If no more comment, ask reviewers to approve the PR and merge the PR to the master.
```

Follow the [README](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/site2) for making contributions to the website.

#### Updating user logo
The Apache Pulsar Community welcomes all users to update their company logos on Pulsar website. If your team or organization has adopted Pulsar in production, you can update your company logos on [Pulsar website](https://pulsar.apache.org/en/powered-by/).

To update your company logo, follow these steps:
1. Open [link](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/site2/website/data/users.js) in your browser, then click the **Edit** icon to fork Pulsar repo, create a new branch and edit this file.
2. Add your company’s information at the end of file. 

Example:
```
	`
	    {
	        name: 'StreamNative',
 	       url: 'https://streamnative.io/',
 	       logo: 'https://streamnative.io/static/images/streamnative-logo-white-bakground.png',
	       logo_white: true
	    }
	`
```	
>Note
></br>The `logo_white` parameter is set to true only when your company logo is in white color. Otherwise, you only need to add `name`, `url` and `logo`.

3. Commit the changes in your account’s repo, publish the branch and create pull request.

> 4. Update comments, if any.  If no more comment, your pull request will be approved and merged by reviewers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update comments, if any. If no more comment, your pull request will be approved and merged by reviewers.
```
